Add print-format  for unformatted total coverage result (#14)
mattpolzin/swift-test-codecov: README.md

  -m, --metric <metric>   The metric over which to aggregate. One of lines, functions, instantiations (default: lines)
  -v, --minimum <minimum-coverage>
                          The minimum coverage allowed. A value between 0 and 100. Coverage below the minimum will result in exit code 1. (default: 0)
  --explain-failure/--no-explain-failure
                          Determines whether a message will be displayed if the minimum coverage threshold was not met. (Does not apply to print-formats `numeric` and `json`.) (default: true)
  -p, --print-format <print-format>
                          Set the print format. One of minimal, numeric, table, json (default: minimal)
  -s, --sort <sort>       Set the sort order for the coverage table. One of filename, +cov, -cov (default: filename)
  --dependencies/--no-dependencies
                          Determines whether dependencies are included in code coverage calculation. (default: false)
  --tests/--no-tests      Determines whether test files are included in coverage calculation. (default: false)
  --warn-missing-tests/--no-warn-missing-tests

>                           Determines whether a warning will be displayed for 0% coverage. (Does not apply to print-formats `numeric` and `json`.) (default: true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          Determines whether a warning will be displayed if no coverage data is available. (Does not apply to print-formats `numeric` and `json`.) (default: true)
```
